you
excuse me Disney desi sir I just wanted
to say that actually very impressed with
your new logo yes sir
I am the daily logo thanks to 2006 I'm
making new changes yes you are
Disney not that I mad at you and not to
be grounded right now but I did see the
last can take you eased out and being
pixelated and the quality is outdated
black and white as well that is
unnecessary sorry sir your cameraman
forced me to let to get you angry ha
like I said Disney they're at odds they
alway take it neutrally I'll have to
make sure if someone gets a new
cameraman now all I want you to do is
take it normally like you normally do in
your past
Disney logos actually liked them better
with the 2006 fanfare but do what you
gonna do yes sir let's go for it
okay the Disney logo take two
you
what the heck I didn't hear anything in
the end part what's going on
can you hear me Disney
sound engineer what the heck happened
we have a sound problem did we
but don't just stand there fix it
what was going on can you hear me I
asked that I can hear you Disney
apparently the sound cord got cut off so
I have to ask the sound engineer is
where you can get new ones we always
keep in your supplies so he plugged them
in just now I'm glad to hear you now
was the last tapered in uh sir yes you
were the last take was alright but it is
nobody's fault there's blame that thing
but I'm pretty sure that everything is
being fixed right now and nothing should
go wrong this time and let's get into
take three please yes sir
I'll say that thank you very much Disney
now if you're ready this is the Disney
logo take three roll it
Oh
breakdown onset huh mr. cameraman
I told you the camera should have been
checked out Oh MSG
I know Disney but I was going to say the
exact thing we actually had problems
before but our recording equipment but
not like this
I see you like it's a nice fall look it
is not your fault though
but these freaking Studios their reels
isn't working and the camera won't even
work calm down sir take a deep breath
well Thank You Disney let's get the last
try and then I'll make sure we have
everything fixed for my next cam at the
music radio 77 studios yes sir
shall I prepare for the final tee yes
Disney let's get on with take four stand
by roll the camera
prynt thank you sooner or later I will
be known as the greatest logos of all
time oh yes you are
it's my opinion that you are the most
people you think you are thanks sir may
I toner
yes Disney thanks a million you may go
now
you